Hehe
It seems that Mr. Ji and Xiaofei have a good relationship
Lin Shan
Xiao Li, just turn around with us.
Seeing you and Xiaoxuan so in love?
I'm relieved
Uh, I heard Xiaoxuan say that after he is discharged from the hospital, you will be preparing for marriage
Yes, I
Okay, as long as you are happy.
Xiaoxuan's father and I are content
Right
Is Xiaoxuan your biological daughter?
Hello, Mom.
If Ji Lingchuan asks you if I am your own
You must say that I was adopted by you, okay?
Ah, why is that?
I'll explain later.
Just do as I say.
In fact, to tell you the truth
Xiaoxuan is also our adopted daughter
His dad brought it back when he was 5 years old
At that time, he was thin and small
It looks so pathetic.
Oh, I see.
Uncle, I'll get started first, it'll get hairy. Okay?
Fortunately, Xiaoxuan greeted me in advance
Otherwise it will be exposed
Just waiting for Xiaoxuan to marry Jinling Ship
Then the wealth of Poding is still Xinjiang
Nothing else matters.
What you said is
Yiming
I think I also have a deep love for Xiaoyu
When he wakes up?
I will marry him to you